How to Promote Your Website with Google Maps
and Yandex Maps?
Website promotion with Google and Yandex Maps
is another method of attracting Internet users'
attention to your company.
By placing physical address of your company
on Google and Yandex Maps, you increase the
chance that users find your website, purchase
your goods, and use your services.
The recent research on attention tracking
have found out that the SERPs tagged on Google
and Yandex Maps attract users' attention the
most in comparison to ordinary SERPs. For
instance, when you search for "sushi Moscow",
the search engine will show up not only ordinary
search results but also the results of sushi
bars with tagged physical addresses on Google
and Yandex Maps. These sushi bars will be
shown on a map of the city with special tags.
Thanks to the map, users who look for sushi
bars will find their bearings and select the
nearest sushi bar quicker. All the companies
what have physical addresses are interested
in being tagged on Google and Yandex Maps.
These tags are important for banks, offices,
and retailers.
The SERPs provided by Google and Yandex Maps
are formed the same way as ordinary SERPs;
therefore, the tags of websites with the highest
score sit on top. If you want to promote your
company on Google and Yandex Maps, you should
optimize the provided info with selected keywords
and phrases, add photos and videos. However,
positive reviews are the best for your SERPs.
The good news is that you can place the info
about your company on Google and Yandex Maps
for free. However, if you want to be special
and move to the top as quick as possible,
you can prioritize your company (of course,
this service is paid). By prioritizing your
company on Google and Yandex Maps, you make
your company's tag bigger and more vivid.
In addition to that, users get quick access
to detailed info about your company.
Google and Yandex Maps placement is not difficult
but results in a considerable rise in number
of new visitors. As smartphones and tablets
become more and more popular, users get more
mobile and use maps more often. The method
is very up-to-the-minute.
Google and Yandex Maps placement is very important
for companies that don't have their own websites.
Companies that work in services -- cafes,
restaurants, diners, bars, hairdressing saloons,
gas stations -- can use Google and Yandex
Maps instead of their own websites.
You should remember that Google and Yandex
Maps placement will have a positive impact
on your SERPs, especially in local search.
Of course, Google and Yandex Maps placement
won't be enough to move your website straight
to the top. That is why, you should use it
together with other SEO methods.
If you want to know how to place your company
data on Google and Yandex Maps, watch our
following videos. Let your website have high
SERPs!